Question: Full form of SEC?
Answer: Saveetha Engineering college

Question: Who are You?
Answer: I am Niaa custom trained ChatGPT model by an AI student 

Question: Tell me about Saveetha (SEC) ? 
Answer: SEC is a leading Engineering College located in Chennai, India., which offers a global approach to education and research, with a focus on global perspectives and expertise. SEC offers a wide range of undergraduate, postgraduate and doctoral programs in Engineering. Some of its Academic Highlights are,Only Engineering College in India to have 30 students per class.91% results in University exam.173 University Ranks.Compulsory internship every year. 

Question: Tell me about placements in Saveetha (SEC) ?
Answer: Saveetha Engineering College (SEC) has always been a favourite destination of recruitment for over 230+ Multinational companies and firms. Our focus on placement centers on creating new approaches to attract the best from the industry to our campus, 97% Placement in 2022 Batch,233 plus Multinational Company visited our Campus,1302 Placement Offers,Highest CTC of Rs. 34 Lakhs per annum Average CTC of Rs. 6.15 Lakhs per annum

Question: President's Message about Saveetha 
Answer: Dr. N. M. Veeraiyan Founder President & Chancellor, Saveetha University. At the dawn of the new year, the college marches ahead confidently, keeping pace with the times, expanding its horizons and introducing innovative & challenging courses. Today, the institution pledges itself to the cause of empowering students through qualitative value-based education. I would like to emphasize and define our goals.

Question: What are the companies recruiting CSE students?
Answer: Several companies are currently recruiting CSE students, including but not limited to TCS, Accenture, Infosys, Virtusa, CapGemini, Wipro, LTI Mindtree, KAAR Technologies and so on .

Question: Principal's Message about Saveetha
Answer: Dr. N. Duraipandian. M.E., Ph.D., Principal As Principal my role is to foster an exciting and invigorating learning environment, where students are at the forefront of teaching and learning. Our dedicated staff work and learn together in collegiate teams to maximize student's potential by implementing highly effective teaching strategies and student support systems.

Question: Tell me about Agriculture Engineering department in Saveetha?
Answer: Department of Agricultural Engineering, established in 2017, offers 4 years BE- Agricultural Engineering Degree programme. To impart the knowledge on crop cultivation aspects from seed to harvest, the department has a 45 acres of farm along with well-equipped soil science, Agriculture Metrology and Crop Husbandry labs with highly qualified Teaching Faculty. This Department has fully modernized Food and Agricultural Processing Laboratory, latest Soil and Water Modeling Software. Fully centralized on-field irrigation system gives the option of using different irrigation systems. The department offers hands-on training for students from first year onwards on the latest Agricultural Engineering technologies.

Question: facilities for Agricultural department in saveetha ?
Answer: Department of Agricultural Engineering, established in 2017, offers 4 years BE- Agricultural Engineering Degree programme. To impart the knowledge on crop cultivation aspects from seed to harvest, the department has a 45 acres of farm along with well-equipped soil science, Agriculture Metrology and Crop Husbandry labs with highly qualified Teaching Faculty. This Department has fully modernized Food and Agricultural Processing Laboratory, latest Soil and Water Modeling Software. Fully centralized on-field irrigation system gives the option of using different irrigation systems. The department offers hands-on training for students from first year onwards on the latest Agricultural Engineering technologies.
 
Question : How are students allowed to select the Staff/faculty? 
Answer: SEC provides Mobile App and/ or software in which students can select the Faculty and course of their choice before the commencement of each semester

Question: How is your college unique from other Engineering colleges
Answer: SEC follows 1. Learner Centric Education through the unique FLEXILEARN system, which allows learners to select the course , Faculty, Domain and Time schedule of their choice.  2. Inductive Learning in which Learners  which inculcates critical thinking and problem solving skills.  3. Modular Learning 4. Foreign Languages: Japanese, German, French 

Question: Give the details about the college bus, timing and it's stopping. 
Answer :Kindly check the link in college website https://www.saveetha.ac.in/index.php/life-at-sec/student-life/bus-routes/51-sec-academics/student-life/197-bus-route

Question: What is usual college timing
Answer: Monday to Friday between 8 am to 3 pm. Earn while you Learn: Anyway students have the choice of completing for more credits in each semester by enrolling for courses conducted upto 7 pm and attain the required credits early and undergo longer paid internships and earn valuable industry experience and stipend by the time of completion of the program. 

Question: whether college bus is available at 3pm and 5 pm
Answer: Yes, college bus routes are available to access upto 75 kilometer radius from college at 3 pm and 5 pm for those Learners who enroll for courses 

Question: If the student is absent for the college, will the parents be informed? 
Answer: Yes, Hour based attendance will be informed to parents on absent days

Question: What are the entertainment activities available for students? 
Answer : Many extra and Co curricular activities which helps trans disciplinary learning and helps in inculcating values are included as credit courses like theater, yoga, sports, NSS, coding and through clubs for music, literary, heritage, robotics, etc; 

Question: Are sports facilities available inside the campus? 
Answer: Yes, 10 acres of sports ground with most of the favorite sport facilities and Sports Scholarship are given for winner's in national and international level

Question: Which dress code are permitted to the students
Answer: Decent casual and formal dress are permitted. 

Question: What about the food facilities for the students
Answer: Tasty and hygienic foods with many varieties are available in canteen and food stalls.

Question: Why Saveetha?/ What Are the unique features of Saveetha?
Answer: Industry 5.0 curriculum, Flexi learn, Learning by doing, SCOFT facilities, Multidisciplinary learning, Programming in C training , More than 95% of students placed in MNC’s

Question: What is the current final year  placement record?
Answer: 97% of  final year students placed in various top MNC’s  with Highest CTC of  Rs.34 Lakhs per annum and average CTC of Rs. 6.12 Lakhs per annum

Question: How can the students be able to choose their subject without any help?
Answer: Every 30 students allotted with mentors who will guide them to choose their subject.they will assist the students over the 4 years of course..

Question: How do students choose the faculty when they start their first semester?
Answer: Students can choose the facilities based on Academic Score available in saveetha.ac.in website.

Question:How can parents monitor their student's academic performance?
Answer: Individual login credential given to parents and students in camu app where parents can monitor their ward’s  academic performance and attendance.

Question: Could you provide the number of students placed in specific companies?
Answer: you can visit this website for particular company detail. https://saveetha.ac.in/index.php/placements/placed-list-2024

Question:  What is the minimum attendance percentage required to take the exam?
Answer: Minimum 75%  attendance percentage required to take the exam and 70% attendance allowed with valid medical  reason.

Question:  Are all Saturdays considered holidays?
Answer: Monthly two Saturdays are leave.

Question:  How many days non-veg food is available in the hostel?
Answer: All days non-veg food is available in the hostel.

Question:How are you permitting hostel students to go on an outing?
Answer:  Monthly two outings allowed with prior intimation from the parents to floor incharge.

Question: What are all training sessions offered for the students apart from department subjects?
Answer: Exclusive training for competitive exams such as GRE,GMAT,CAT,MAT,Toefl,IES/ GATE etc.

Question: When will placement training start?
Answer: Placement training from First year onwards through exclusive training within curriculum

Question: What are all foreign languages offered here?
Answer: German,French,Japanese,Chinese courses as part of curriculum.

Question : What is the difference between B.E. & B.Tech.
Answer : BE stands for Bachelor of Engineering while BTech stands for Bachelor in Technology. The major difference is the fact that BE is more knowledge-based while BTech is skill-oriented. Due to this, the curriculum of BTech is more updated as the skills change as per industrial needs.

Question : What is Flexi Learn 
Answer : In Flexi learn is a new education pattern, in which students can frame their own time table schedule, subject, faculty and domain electives. Flexi learn promotes interdisciplinary learning and it gives opportunity to the students to complete the credit requirements earlier. 

Question : Whether Transport facility is available in all routes in and around Chennai.
Answer : Yes, it is provided.

Question : Whether A/c rooms are available in the Hostel.
Answer : Yes both A/c and Non A/c rooms are available.


Question :  Tell me about agricultural engineering
Answer : Department of Agricultural Engineering, established in 2017, offers 4 years BE- Agricultural Engineering Degree programme. To impart the knowledge on crop cultivation aspects from seed to harvest, the department has a 45 acres of farm along with well-equipped soil science, Agriculture Metrology and Crop Husbandry labs with highly qualified Teaching Faculty.

Question : Tell me about artificial intelligence and data science
Answer : The Department of Artificial Intelligence and Data Science was established in the year 2020 with an intake of 60 students. It was increased to 120 students in the year 2021. It is a four-year full-time undergraduate program recognized by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE).

Question : What are the facilities available to artificial intelligence and data science department ?
Answer: All the classrooms are well furnished, air-conditioned, with a smart board facility. The department has 2 well-equipped laboratories with higher configuration systems along with a smartboard available in each laboratory to give the best to the students. All laboratories are designed with the aim to present as an Activity Based Learning (ABL) laboratory to the students where they use all equipment in a comfortable environment.

Question : Tell me about artificial intelligence and machine learning
Answer : The Department of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning was established in the year 2021 with an intake of 60 students. It is a four-year full-time undergraduate program recognized by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE).

Question : Tell me about biomedical engineering
Answer : Biomedical engineering is a diversified area that integrates the knowledge of engineering and medicine, intended to support clinicians with knowledge-based, timely, and high-quality service in a professional and responsible manner in order to improve patient care in all aspects of technology.

Question : Tell me about chemical engineering
Answer : Chemical Engineering is one of the most popular branches of engineering which deals with the large-scale production of chemicals, petrochemicals, biochemicals, food preservation, electronic materials, pharmaceuticals, materials of everyday life, energy, environment etc. The department periodically organizes workshops, training programs and conferences in many emerging thrust areas. Industrial visits, In-plant training and Internship are arranged periodically to gain technical skills for students. Personality development training programs are conducted in the third and final year of study so as to equip the students for placement.

Question : Tell me about civil engineering
Answer : The department has a team of sincere, dedicated, competent and experienced faculty with commitment to serve the college in achieving its goals. Civil Engineering graduates will be able to:
To plan, analyse and design civil structures. To execute civil engineering projects by taking into account the economical, environmental, societal, health and safety factors involved in infrastructural development.

Question : Tell me about computer science and engineering 
 Answer:    Our Department offers B.E Computer science and Engineering, M.E Computer science and Engineering programs. The department has a team of 46 sincere, dedicated, competent and experienced faculty with commitment to serve the college in achieving its goals. All have completed their master degrees, 14 of them are Doctorates and most of them are pursuing their Ph.D.s. Every year we are producing very good results.

Question : what are the lab facilities of computer science and engineering ?
Answer :The department has 8 laboratories with air condition and internet facility in all the systems. The department has well equipped Laboratories with leading branded systems, which are set up at International standards to give the best to the students. Totally 423 systems with higher configuration and smart boards are available in the Laboratories.


Question : Tell me about computer science and engineering (cybersecurity)
Answer: B.E Computer Science and Engineering (Cyber Security) is a 4 year undergraduate programme which emphasizes comprehensive knowledge of Cyber Security Network Security, concepts of computer science, Cryptography, Block chain etc. The past two decades have seen massive growth in the internet and computer industry, leading to a boom in job opportunities in the field. Cyber Security and block chain is one of these career opportunities due to its need in today’s digitally paced world.


Question : Tell me about computer science and engineering (IOT)
Answer: B.E Computer Science and Engineering (Internet of Things) is a 4 year undergraduate programme which emphasizes comprehensive knowledge of computer science, sensors, internet applications, computer networks etc. Internet of Things (IoT) is an interdisciplinary program that comes under the department of computer science and engineering. Recently, various applications have enormously increased in the past few years since it has a vast scope of usage. . IoT generally refers to a growing network of internet-connected devices that find various applications in engineering and sciences.

Question : Tell me about Electrical & Electronics engineering 
Anwer: The Department is ISO 9001:2015 certified and also NBA accredited. The Department has well experienced faculty members of proven ability and diverse specialization. The faculty actively involves themselves in research in the fields of Power Systems, Robotics, VLSI, MEMS, Image processing and Embedded Systems.The Laboratories are well equipped with modern training facilities that cater to the requirements of the University syllabus as well as to architect the learning experience of Students. 

Question : Tell me about  Electronics & instrumentation engineering
Answer: The Department of Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering was established in the year 2011.This course was introduced as there is an increase in demand in the field of Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering and it is a complete blend of technical subjects involving both Electronics and Instrumentation fields imparting adequate knowledge and expertise. 

Question : Tell me about Electronics and Communication Engineering department 
Answer : The Department is ISO 9001:2000 certified, NAAC and also NBA accredited. The Department has well experienced faculty of proven ability and diverse specialization. The department has research centre since 2015 approved by Anna University and also beyond syllabus lab facilities such as Robotics and MEMS. The Laboratories are well equipped with modern training facilities that cater to the requirements of the University and autonomous syllabus.

Question : Tell me about information technology department
Answer: We, Department of IT aspire to establish a system of Quality Assurance, which would on a continuous basis, evaluate and monitor the quality of education and training imparted at the Institute; improve the teaching-learning process and ultimately, develop the Department of Information Technology as a Centre of Excellence.Our Staff produced 100% result in many subjects. External resource persons are being invited for guest lecture and seminars from various university & Industry.

Question : Is the master of business administration available at sec?
Answer: yes, the course is available

Question : Tell me about master of business administration department
Answer: The department trains enterprising young men and women to be Champions, Mindful leaders, Entrepreneurial managers and Entrepreneurs. The department is housed in the third floor of Semi-Circular Block with facilities that include Auditorium type class rooms, seminar halls, State of the art computer lab with wifi Internet facility. The Classrooms are well equipped with Smart boards, LCD projectors, and microphones. The Department boasts of Modern library, has rich stock of books and journals along with online access to vast digital resources.

Question: Tell me about mechanical engineering
Answer: The SEC Mechanical Engineering department is a strong and growing component of the Saveetha Engineering College, and has made major strides in development since its inception in 2003. We offer a full and diverse Undergraduate Curriculum as per Anna University in both lecture and well-equipped laboratory courses.  Students receive design experience through hands on experience in our CAD/CAM lab.

Question: Tell me about medical electronics department
Answer:Medical Electronics is an emerging branch of engineering, established in the year 2017 with an intake of 60 students under the affiliation of Anna University.The Department is fully equipped with state-of-the-art laboratories such as Instrumentation, DSP, Digital Image Processing and Medical Instrumentation. As a part of the curriculum, industrial visits are arranged for B.E. students and we provide hands-on training on various types of medical equipment from Saveetha Medical College and Hospital. Students can also actively participate in the field of research by utilising facilities in MEMS Design and Research Centre which is present in our college.

Question : Whom can i contact regarding placements?
Answer : Dr. S. Sasikumar,Placement Officer ph.no :9094680749 .placement@saveetha.ac.in -  sasikumar@saveetha.ac.in

Question : What about placements ?
Answer : 97% of Eligible Students get placed every year, 233 Multinational Companies visit our Campus for Placement every year,1302 Students got placed till now from the 2022 passing out batch


Question : What are the hardware and software facilities available here?
Answer : Wi-Fi Enabled Campus.1200 Desktops .60 printers are provided in various departments for both students & staff use.Microsoft Campus Agreement Volume License used in the campus.

Question :What are the infrastructure facilities available here?
Answer :Experienced Faculty - 200 Ph.Ds.All classrooms are equipped with High end Smart Board Facilities with Internet Connection.24 x 7 Online Learning Centre.

Question : What about sports achievements in saveetha?
Answer : We Congratulate, Saveetha Engineering College Football Men’s team represented in the FUTSAL tournament organized by Chennai Institute of Technology on 18.04.2022 and secured 3rd place
Saveetha Engineering College Badminton Men’s Team participated in Battledore outdoor Event organized by Vidyutrenz 2022- Chennai Institute Of Technology on 28.05.2022 and secured 2 nd position.

 Question : What are the training methodologies offered in Saveetha ?
Answer: Instructor-led, Group activities and interactive learning, Assignments and testing, Simulated exercises, Evaluation by feedback

Question : What kind of training will be provided?
Answer : Soft skills training,Language and communication,Problem solving,Aptitude,Technical































































