Question: What are the companies recruiting CSE students?
Answer: Several companies are currently recruiting CSE students, including but not limited to TCS, Accenture, Infosys, Virtusa, CapGemini, Wipro, LTI Mindtree, KAAR Technologies, product companies like .
Question : How are students allowed to select the Staff/faculty? 

Answer: SEC provides Mobile App and/ or software in which students can select the Faculty and course of their choice before the commencement of each semester

Question: How is your college unique from other Engineering colleges

Answer: SEC follows 1. Learner Centric Education through the unique FLEXILEARN system, which allows learners to select the course , Faculty, Domain and Time schedule of their choice.  2. Inductive Learning in which Learners  which inculcates critical thinking and problem solving skills.  3. Modular Learning 4. Foreign Languages: Japanese, German, French 

Question: Give the details about the college bus, timing and it's stopping. 

Answer :Kindly check the link in college website https://www.saveetha.ac.in/index.php/life-at-sec/student-life/bus-routes/51-sec-academics/student-life/197-bus-route

Question: What is usual college timing

Answer: Monday to Friday between 8 am to 3 pm. Earn while you Learn: Anyway students have the choice of completing for more credits in each semester by enrolling for courses conducted upto 7 pm and attain the required credits early and undergo longer paid internships and earn valuable industry experience and stipend by the time of completion of the program. 

Question: whether college bus is available at 3pm and 5 pm

Answer: Yes, college bus routes are available to access upto 75 kilometer radius from college at 3 pm and 5 pm for those Learners who enroll for courses 

Question: If the student is absent for the college, will the parents be informed? 

Answer: Yes, Hour based attendance will be informed to parents on absent days

Question: What are the entertainment activities available for students? 

Answer : Many extra and Co curricular activities which helps trans disciplinary learning and helps in inculcating values are included as credit courses like theater, yoga, sports, NSS, coding and through clubs for music, literary, heritage, robotics, etc; 

Question: Are sports facilities available inside the campus? 

Answer: Yes, 10 acres of sports ground with most of the favorite sport facilities and Sports Scholarship are given for winner's in national and international level

Question: Which dress code are permitted to the students

Answer: Decent casual and formal dress are permitted. 

Question: What about the food facilities for the students

Answer: Tasty and hygienic foods with many varieties are available in canteen and food stalls.

Question: Why Saveetha?/ What Are the unique features of Saveetha?

Answer: Industry 5.0 curriculum, Flexi learn, Learning by doing, SCOFT facilities, Multidisciplinary learning, Programming in C training , More than 95% of students placed in MNC’s

Question: What is the current final year  placement record?

Answer: 97% of  final year students placed in various top MNC’s  with Highest CTC of  Rs.34 Lakhs per annum and average CTC of Rs. 6.12 Lakhs per annum

Question: How can the students be able to choose their subject without any help?

Answer: Every 30 students allotted with mentors who will guide them to choose their subject.they will assist the students over the 4 years of course..

Question: How do students choose the faculty when they start their first semester?

Answer: Students can choose the facilities based on Academic Score available in saveetha.ac.in website.

Question:How can parents monitor their student's academic performance?

Answer: Individual login credential given to parents and students in camu app where parents can monitor their ward’s  academic performance and attendance.

Question: Could you provide the number of students placed in specific companies?

Answer: you can visit this website for particular company detail. https://saveetha.ac.in/index.php/placements/placed-list-2024

Question:  What is the minimum attendance percentage required to take the exam?

Answer: Minimum 75%  attendance percentage required to take the exam and 70% attendance allowed with valid medical  reason.

Question:  Are all Saturdays considered holidays?

Monthly two Saturdays are leave.

Question:  How many days non-veg food is available in the hostel?

Answer: All days non-veg food is available in the hostel.

Question:How are you permitting hostel students to go on an outing?

Answer:  Monthly two outings allowed with prior intimation from the parents to floor incharge.

Question: What are all training sessions offered for the students apart from department subjects?

Answer: Exclusive training for competitive exams such as GRE,GMAT,CAT,MAT,Toefl,IES/ GATE etc.

Question: When will placement training start?

Answer: Placement training from First year onwards through exclusive training within curriculum

Question: What are all foreign languages offered here?

Answer: German,French,Japanese,Chinese courses as part of curriculum.

Question : What is the difference between B.E. & B.Tech.

Answer : BE stands for Bachelor of Engineering while BTech stands for Bachelor in Technology. The major difference is the fact that BE is more knowledge-based while BTech is skill-oriented. Due to this, the curriculum of BTech is more updated as the skills change as per industrial needs.

Question : What is Flexi Learn 

Answer : In Flexi learn is a new education pattern, in which students can frame their own time table schedule, subject, faculty and domain electives. Flexi learn promotes interdisciplinary learning and it gives opportunity to the students to complete the credit requirements earlier. 

Question : Whether Transport facility is available in all routes in and around Chennai.

Answer : Yes, it is provided.

Question : Whether A/c rooms are available in the Hostel.

Answer : Yes both A/c and Non A/c rooms are available.





